appendix narcotics and the north'
notebooks summary among the voluminous
testimony and documents received by the
iran-contra committee was a significant
amount of material relevant to matters
under investigation by the Subcommittee
on narcotics terrorism and international
operations in early in 1987 the
subcommittee chairman senator Jon F
Kerry and Senator Daniel K in a way the
chairman of the Senate Select Committee
on secret military assistance to Iran
and the Nicaraguan opposition worked out
an agreement under which the staff
assigned to the subcommittee would
receive the necessary special security
clearances to study all of the documents
to which the iran-contra committees had
access in November and December 1987 the
cleared committee staff read thousands
of pages of iran-contra committee
material including the North notebooks
which consisted of 2848 pages of
spiral-bound notes taken by North on a
daily basis from September 1984 through
November 1986 covering his activities
telephone calls and meetings while he
was at the National Security Council in
reviewing these notebooks the committee
staff found a number of references to
narcotics terrorism and related matters
which appeared relevant and material to
the subcommittee's inquiry however in
many of these cases material in the
notebooks adjacent to the narcotics
references has been deleted from the
material provided to the committee upon
reviewing the matter with staff of the
iran-contra committees the subcommittee
learned that neither the iran-contra
committees nor the White House had had
access to uncensored North notebooks
instead north or his attorney had
deleted portions of the notebooks which
they considered to be outside the
jurisdiction of the iran-contra
committees in all 1269 of the pages of
the notebooks were censored to summit
by north or his attorneys prior to being
delivered to the iran-contra committees
with 155 pages blacked out completely
this occurred because North took the
notebooks from the White House in
November 1986 before his documents were
impounded and turned them over to his
lawyer
Brendan Sullivan the notebooks were then
subpoenaed by the iran-contra committees
North asserted his Fifth Amendment
constitutional right and was then given
limited immunity by the committee's to
compel his testimony after North was
given immunity
his attorneys still objected to
furnishing the full notebooks contending
that they were not relevant to the
committee's investigation and north need
only furnished portions which he and his
attorneys determined were relevant
because of the iran-contra committees
very tight deadlines and the need to
have the notebooks for at least a brief
period prior to beginning the
questioning of North the committee's
agreed to allow North's lawyers to make
deletions from the notebooks north or
his attorneys blacked out hundreds of
notebook pages and numerous entries some
of these censored entries were read by
the committee lawyers but most were not
most important the lawyers who read the
Diaries at that time did not know names
dates and places which would later prove
to be important and therefore were not
in a position to determine the relevance
of the material deleted the iran-contra
committees staff had only a few days to
review the material before North was
questioned the thousands of pages were
furnished and often illegible copies and
would have required weeks of analysis to
make sense of under the best of
conditions under a fundamental agreement
over classification which the
iran-contra committees made with the
White House the notebooks were
classified at codeword level and could
only be released after a review by a
White House declassification team
following the review of the diary
entries by cleared staff Senator Kerry
Reds
several hundred pages of the north'
notebooks and wrote the White House on
January 25th 1988 requesting the
immediate declassification of 543 pages
containing references to drugs and drug
trafficking North's probe of the
investigation into North's activities
initiated by the Foreign Relations
Committee in 1986 and related matters
a White House declassification team
Declassified some of the requested
materials some of the materials were
deemed not relevant to the investigation
and others were not Declassified because
the White House team could not determine
what they meant without reading portions
not in their possession since they had
previously been censored by north and
his attorneys the White House did not
declassify 104 pages requested by the
committee staff contending that all
further D classifications would have to
await the processing of materials
necessary for independent counsel Walsh
in connection with the prosecution of
Admiral John Poindexter north albert
Hakeem and Richard Secord
for alleged criminal activity in
connection with their roles in the
iran-contra affair when the committee
staff discussed the problem posed by the
high classifications given the materials
within the North notebooks White House
Counsel a Bicol the house said the White
House considered the notebooks the
property of the federal government and
subject to classification at the highest
levels the subcommittee chairman senator
Kerry wrote the White House to state
that if the notebooks were as sensitive
as the White House contended they should
not be allowed to remain in the
possession of either North whose
clearances had been terminated and who
remained under indictment or in the
hands of his attorneys who cannot be
cleared to the codeword level while
reiterating that it considered the
materials to be highly classified the
White House took no steps to secure the
materials it contended remained federal
property committee
action on April 26th 1988 the committee
voted 17 to 1 to approve a subpoena for
the full North notebooks the subpoena
was served on Lieutenant Colonel north
on May 10th 1988 North's attorney
Brendan V Sullivan jr. appeared before a
committee hearing called for the purpose
of receiving the subpoenaed materials
Sullivan provided no materials and
asserted North's Fifth Amendment
privilege he further asked the committee
to rescind the subpoena on the grounds
that its issuance would jeopardize
North's right to a fair trial and that
the material requested was beyond the
jurisdiction of the Foreign Relations
Committee
after receiving legal advice from the
office of the Senate legal counsel the
committee voted 10 to 8 to enforce the
subpoena on September 14 1988 but was
unable to secure the materials prior to
the end of the 100th Congress case study
the drug related entries because of the
extensive deletions in the notebooks
made first by North and his attorneys
and secondly by the White House it is
difficult to gauge from the non
classified materials of the notebooks
the full extent to which the notebooks
relate to terrorism or narcotics
trafficking the areas of the
subcommittee's direct jurisdiction
however even in their highly incomplete
State the notebooks do contain numerous
references to drugs terrorism and to the
attempts of the committee itself to
investigate what North was doing in
connection with his secret support of
the Contras among the entries in the
North notebooks which discernibly
concerned narcotics or terrorism our may
12 1984 contract indicates that Gustavo
is involved with drugs q 0 2 6 6 June
26th 1984 DEA followed by two blocks of
text deleted by north
q 0 3 4 9 June 27th 1984 drug case
DEA program on controlling cocaine ether
cutoff Colombians readjusting possible
negotiations to move refining effort to
Nicaragua Pablo Escobar Colombian drug
czar informant pilot is indicted
criminal carlos lehder Freddy von Q 0 3
5 4 July 9th 1984 call from Claridge
call Michelle Rhee narco issue our IG at
1000 tomorrow q 0 3 8 4 DEA Miami pilot
went talked to Vaughn wanted AC to go to
Bolivia to pick up paste want AC to pick
up 1500 kilos bud to meet with Group Q 0
3 8 5 July 12th 1984 general Gorman
include drug case Q 0 400 call from
Johnston Whitehouse deletion leak on
drug 0 402 July 17 1984 call to Frank em
bud Mullins re leak on DEA piece Carlton
Turner Q 0 4 1 8 call from John Stone
McManus LA Times says NSC source claims
WH has pictures of borscht loading
cocaine in Nick Q 0 4 1 6 July 20th 1984
call from Claridge alfredo says are re
drugs borscht
Owen leave hole alone deletions los
precios airfield Owen off whole q 0 4 2
July 27th 1984 Claridge block of White
House deleted text follows
Arturo Cruz jr. get Alfredo says are on
drugs
q0 4 5 0 July 31st 1984 financed Libya
Cuba Bloc countries drugs Pablo Escobar
Frederick von Q zero four six zero July
thirty first nineteen eighty four staff
queries re white house deletion role in
DEA operations in Nicaragua Q 0 4 6 1
December 21st 1984 call from Claridge
furch white house deletion Tam's Costa
Rica Felix Rodriguez close to white
house deletion not associated with Ville
old Oh BAE if pigs no drugs
Q 0 9 - 2 January 14 1985 Rob Owen John
hole no drug connection believes cue 0 9
7 7 July 12 1985 14 million dollars to
finance came from drugs cue 1 0 3 9
August 10th 1985 meeting with AC name of
DEA person in New Orleans Ari bust on
Mario DC 6 Q 1 1 4 0 February 27th 1986
meeting with Lou temps DEA auction AC
seized as drug runners 250 to 260
thousand dollar fee Q 2 0 to 7 numerous
other entry
contain references to individuals or
events which subcommittee staff has
determined have relevance to narcotics
terrorism or international operations
but whose ambiguities cannot be resolved
without the production of the deleted
materials by north and his attorneys
accordingly the subcommittee continues
to believe that the production of the
deleted material could shed important
light on a number of issues in
connection with foreign policy law
enforcement and narcotics and terrorism
the chairman of the subcommittee will
urge that further steps be taken to
secure the original north note books in
an uncensored forum allegations of
interference with the committee
investigation the current subcommittee
investigation grew out of a probe
conducted in the spring of 1986 by
Senate staff of the subcommittee
chairman Senator John Kerry this
investigation moved to the full Foreign
Relations Committee following an
executive session of the committee June
26th 1986 the Kerry probe explored a
variety of charges from a variety of
sources that the Contras and their
supply operations had engaged in weapons
smuggling narcotics trafficking
misappropriations of funds and related
offenses the probe also explored
allegations that the NSC and Lieutenant
Colonel Oliver North
were managing contra military operations
and supplies during the period when such
activity was prescribed by the Boland
Amendment among these specific
allegations of criminal activity focused
on by Senator Kerry's office were
charges relating to alleged weapons
shipments involving the civilian
military assistance group and Cuban
Americans in Miami active in supporting
the Contras including a number of
persons who have since been indicted on
Neutrality Act weapons charges or
narcotics charges beginning in April
senator Kerry sought for eight months to
convey
public hearings regarding these
allegations no such hearings took place
in part because material provided to the
committee by the Justice Department and
distributed to members following an
executive session June 26th 1986 wrongly
suggested that the allegations that had
been made or false on October 5th 1986
the subcommittee received sworn
testimony from an assistant US attorney
that officials in the Justice Department
sought to undermine the attempts by
Senator Kerry to have hearings held on
the allegations the subcommittee also
learned that confidential transcripts of
committee proceedings had been provided
to the Justice Department without
authorization and placed in the files of
the then US Attorney for the Southern
District of Florida
Leon Kellner who is responsible for
prosecuting the Miami Neutrality Act
cases AUSA Jeffery Feldman who
prosecuted the Neutrality Act cases in
Miami related to the committee's
investigation testified under oath that
on November 18th 1987 he met with Tom
Meryem assistant head of the Internal
Security Division of the Justice
Department and with the head of the
division John Martin Feldman testified
that at this meeting
Meryem stated that representatives of
the Justice Department DEA and FBI met
in 1986 quote to discuss how Senator
Kerry's efforts to get lugar to hold
hearings on the case could be undermined
end quote Feldman mem comm of November
18 1987 time-stamped 10:47 a.m. at the
Criminal Division of Justice subpoenaed
by committee Feldman testimony October
5th 1988 page 24
Feldman testified before the
subcommittee that as a result of Marin's
statements he quote became concerned
because I felt that perhaps the reason
that my investigation was delayed was
because I was looking at the identical
allegations that you the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee was looking at it
made sense the
if the department didn't support your
investigation then they wouldn't support
my investigation I became concerned that
my investigation could have been quashed
because they had gone forward with it it
would have lent credibility to the
allegations that you wanted to explore
and quote
subcommittee testimony of Feldman page
29 Feldman testified that following his
meeting with Merriman Martin he returned
to Miami and reviewed documents given to
him by Leon Kellner the former US
Attorney for the Southern District of
Florida
Feldman testified that in reviewing
these files
he found a transcript of an executive
session of the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee documents from the committee
investigation and memoranda between
Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Kenneth Bergquist and committee staff on
coordinating efforts quote to basically
show that what you Carrie were saying
wasn't necessarily correct end quote
subcommittee testimony of Feldman page
Feldman testified that he has a number
of questions regarding the information
he found in the files provided him by US
Attorney Kilner quote if the Justice
Department opposed your investigation
did mr. Kellner know about it and if he
did know about it did he let that factor
influence his decision in delaying my
investigation was my memo revised for
disinformation purposes was it revised
so that it could be used against you in
other words if going to the grand jury
would lend credibility to the Senate
investigation the opposite decision
would take away from it and if you had a
memo to that effect it would detract
from the allegations that you were
trying to encourage the Senate to
explore end quote
Feldman test
that he had recently learned that his
memo classified sensitive had been
leaked to the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee he testified that he had
recently reviewed a June 26th 1986
memorandum prepared by committee staff
and connection with reviewing the carry
allegations upon reviewing that
committee memo Feldman determined that
it incorporated information from
Feldman's memo to Kellner including some
material which was verbatim Feldman
testified that his memorandum had a
sensitive classification on it and was
prepared because Kellner asked Feldman
to produce it not for the purpose of
going to a grand jury
Feldman testified that he would not draw
conclusions as to the meaning of the
documents he found but that the
documents Kellner had given him taken
together with Meryem statements had
aroused quote questions in my own mind
again about why the memo was changed and
quote previously Feldman had testified
before the iran-contra committees that a
memorandum he wrote recommending that
the cases he was investigating be taken
to a grand jury had been rewritten
without his knowledge and late May 1986
Feldman testified that the
recommendation had been changed to
suggest that a grand jury would be
merely a fishing expedition before the
subcommittee Feldman testified that the
statements made by Meryem could create
an inference that the decision not to
move to a grand jury had been taken in
order to slow down the Foreign Relations
Committee inquiry and testimony under
oath
Meryem denied having told Feldman that
there had been an agreement to undermine
the committee's investigation into the
allegations concerning the Contras
Meryem also denied that he had ever
participated in discussions to undermine
or block Senator Kerry's attempts to
hold congressional hearings
Meryem said it was true that the Justice
Department and the other participants in
the meeting were opposed to such
hearings taking place subcommittee
deposition of Thomas emiram October 25th
1988 page 56
Meryem testified that he was quote
totally unaware of anything that could
even be construed as an unethical
attempt to mislead the committee end
quote
Meryem added that he did quote
recognized that the department saw no
need to have hearings about a matter
which we were handling and quote on
November 7th 1988 assistant attorney
general mark Richard testified that
Feldman was wrong about there being any
meeting attended by Richard in which
there was any attempt to undermine
Senator Kerry's attempts to have
hearings subcommittee deposition of
Richard page 37 Richard said he was
aware of a meeting which had taken place
May 2nd 1986 regarding the carry
allegations which he did not attend and
a second meeting on October 15 1986
which he did attend Richard testified
that the latter meeting attended my 20
to 25 people went down the list of
outstanding items requested by the
committee to inventory and respond to
them Richard recalled that the DEA did
not want to provide any of the
information the committee had requested
Richard emphasized that his concern was
to respond to the committee's requests
not to block them Richard recalled
seeing the transcript of the Foreign
Relations Committee executive session of
June 26 to 1986 but could not recall
where or from whom he obtained it
Richard testified that he was quote
aware of nothing that I would
characterize as a sinister effort to
frustrate and quote the committee former
Miami US attorney Leon Keller testified
before the subcommittee that he did not
recall seeing most of the documents
which Feldman testified he had been
given as a file by Kellner kelenjar
stated that he did recall previously
reading the transcript of the June 26th
1986 closed
session of the committee which discussed
allegations concerning drug trafficking
weapons violations corruption and
related charges concerning the Contras
but he did not know how he got the
material subcommittee deposition of Leon
B Kilner November 8 1988 pages 10 and 11
Kellner testified that he talked to
Justice Department spokesman Pat Courtin
in May of 1986 after Courtin told the
New York Times that the allegations
concerning the Miami Neutrality Act
cases had been investigated and found
not to be true kelenjar testified that
he told Corden his statements had not
been correct and it was improper to
comment on pending investigations Keller
said that if anyone had come to him and
asked him not to go forward with a case
because of national security reasons
Kellner would throw the person out of
his office the subcommittee obtained
departmental correspondence from the
Miami US Attorney's Office between
associate attorney general Steve trot
and Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Ken Bergquist regarding the Justice
Department's response to committee
inquiries in the spring and summer of
1986 these documents show that Bergquist
sought to release some material from the
Miami investigation in order to put to
rest contentions that the Justice
Department was engaged in a cover-up
these documents including memoranda
between trot and Bergquist further
showed that the Justice Department
closely monitored press accounts of the
committee's interest in the allegations
concerning the Contras the memoranda
together with statements made by Justice
Department officials to reporters
writing about the allegations also
document that some officials in the
Department of Justice sought to
discredit both the allegations
concerning criminal activity relating to
the Contras and the persons making these
allegations Bergquist testified that he
provided the committee with the arrest
records and law-enforcement histories of
four individuals who had been identified
as the key persons making the charges
concerning the contras subcommittee
deposition of Ken Bergquist September 28
1987 page 17 Bergquist testified that
the office of legislative affairs of the
Justice Department was provided by July
1986 with a copy of the Feldman memo
regarding whether to take the Miami
cases to a grand jury he testified he
might also have seen it earlier quote
when Leon Kellner came by end quote
Bergquist deposition page 59 Bergquist
testified that the Feldman memo was the
only material he was provided from the
investigative files of the Miami
investigation and that he received it
from john bolton who in turn received it
from Mark Richards Bergquist testified
that he never had participated in any
effort to interfere with Congress or any
committee of Congress and had never
knowingly misled Congress or any
committee more recently Bergquist denied
participating in quote any deliberate
attempt to undermine a Senate probe and
quote but admitted the administration
opposed the hearings the US News and
World Report December 5th 1988 the
testimony before the subcommittee by
these witnesses and the documents
provided the subcommittee by the Justice
Department conflict in many essential
areas however the material does enable
the subcommittee to reach some
conclusions as to what happened it is
clear that one confidential materials of
the Foreign Relations Committee
were improperly provided to the Justice
Department and to the US attorney
responsible for deciding whether or not
to bring allegations being investigated
by the committee to a grand jury to
confidential law enforcement information
from the Miami investigation was
selectively made available to the
committee while the Miami investigation
was pending at a time when the Justice
Department was taking the position that
no such material would be provided the
Committee on any pending case and
without the knowledge of the AUSA
handling the case in Miami
three the Justice Department provided
information to the committee that tended
to discredit the allegations being
investigated the Justice Department
advised the committee that the persons
who had made the allegations to Senator
Kerry's staff had significant
credibility problems and that there was
no truth to the allegations under
investigation by the committee Justice
Department officials made similar
statements to the press attacking the
credibility of potential witnesses and
stating that the allegations under
investigation by the committee had been
investigated and determined to be false
for the Justice Department did not
provide information to the committee
that would have corroborated the
allegations being investigated by the
committee although the FBI possessed
such information in light of the
information possessed by the FBI the
information that was provided to the
committee by Justice Department
officials was misleading statements made
to the press by Justice Department
officials regarding the allegations were
also misleading the conflicting
testimony under oath raises serious
questions about the actions of Justice
Department officials which this
committee cannot answer one did the US
Attorney's Office in Miami decide not to
convene a grand jury on allegations of
gun-running and Neutrality Act
violations in May 1986 because of
concerns that the convening of a grand
jury would increase the probability of
an investigation into these allegations
by the Foreign Relations Committee two
did Justice Department officials seek to
interfere with the committee
investigation because the investigation
might damage the administration's goal
of supporting the Contras related
questions are raised by entries in the
personal notebooks of Oliver North which
appeared to concern the committee and
carry probes the Declassified North
notebook entries include references to
the Kerry and foreign relations
committee investigations and
investigators on April 18 1986 April
22nd 1986
May 1st 1986 May 13th 1986
June 2nd 1986 June 17th 1986 October
15th 1986 November 19th 1986
November 21st 1986 the entries show that
North was provided with information
regarding Senator Kerry's attempts to
have hearings in the spring and fall of
1986 at a time when the information was
committee confidential the North
notebook entries raised the further
question of whether north and others
working with north took steps to
interfere with the committee
investigation in August North's courier
Robert Owen was asked by John hull to
transmit copies of falsified affidavits
charging the carry staff with bribing
witnesses to both the US Attorney's
Office in Miami and to the Senate Ethics
Committee the US attorney then provided
a copy of these affidavits to the
Justice Department in Washington shortly
thereafter these false charges against
Kerry staff appeared in press accounts
while the committee investigation was
pending taken together these facts
raised the question of whether North own
and Justice Department officials may
have sought to discredit the Kerry
investigation because of concerns that
it might harm the administration's
efforts to support the Contras the
subcommittee views the allegations that
high-ranking officials including
officials in the Justice Department may
have acted in concert to obstruct the
committee investigation to be quite
serious
when high-ranking officials deliberately
provide false or misleading information
to congressional investigation the
result is that the Congress cannot carry
out its constitutionally mandated
responsibilities and our system of
government is put at risk the following
chronology details a number of events
and facts relevant to any further
investigation of these matters
chronology May 4th
1983 Ramon million Rodriguez a
self-professed money launderer for the
Medellin cocaine cartel is arrested by
DEA agents while attempting to leave
Fort Lauderdale aboard his personal jet
with five million dollars in his
personal jet prior to his arrest on
money laundering charges for which he
was later convicted he told federal
agents that quote the money was all the
proceeds of narcotics transactions end
quote and he provided a list of
narcotics traffickers whose taxes he
prepared among those he named were Luis
Rodriguez records of million Rodriguez
seized by federal agents when he was
arrested may 6th
1983 include numerous references to the
services he provided Luis Rodriguez and
showed Luis Rodriguez addressed to be
535 Southwest
98th place in Miami the corporate
address for ocean hunter a seafood
import business trial documents u.s. V
Rodriguez SD Florida 1983 may 27 1983
while investigating the bombing of the
continental bank in Miami Miami police
detectives receive allegations regarding
contra operations in costa rica being
supported by narcotics funds involving a
company called ocean hunter which is
traced to luis rodriguez a Miami based
Cuban American who has been named as a
drug trafficker earlier that month by
his indicted accountant Ramon Milian
Rodriguez the address for the company
was 535 Southwest 98th Street the same
address shown in the records seized by
the government in its prosecution of
Ramon Milian Rodriguez on September 26
1984 this material is approved to FBI
intelligence si Jorge Kaczynski and
recorded in an FBI 302 March 2nd 1984
and April 13th 1984 Luis Rodriguez is
interviewed by IRS agents regarding
ocean hunter
drug trafficking and money laundering
and takes the Fifth Amendment on almost
every question documents on file in US v
Rodriguez nd of Florida 1988 June 26th
1984 North notebook entry reads call
from Owen John hole protection John now
has private army of 75 to 100 Cubans
involved in drug up to 100 more Cubans
expected redaction iran-contra Q 3 4 for
July 20th 1984 North notebook entry
reads call from Klarich alfredo says AR
re drugs borscht
Owen leave hole alone iran-contra 4 to 6
July 23rd 1984 Oliver North notebook
entry reads call from Rob Owen call from
John Hall Pass torah convinced that hole
has sold out q 0 4 3 2 September 1 1984
two Americans died in the downing of a
helicopter by Nicaragua the two
Americans are members of civilian
military assistance group CMA the
helicopter was equipped with rocket pods
and an m60 machine gun the attack is
part of a contra assault on a Nicaraguan
base at Santa Clara following the
downing members of CMA meet with a
representative of the US Embassy in
Honduras who instructed them in a cover
story directing them to say they were
not involved in combat but on a
humanitarian mission because the true
story was quote not in the interests of
the United States
end quote FBI 302 of Thomas v po z8 687
October 12th 1984 the Boland Amendment
is signed into law prohibiting direct or
indirect support by
the United States for the Contras
October 25th 1984 FBI sa Jorge Kaczynski
interviews Rafael Torres Jimenez who
states that he has been working with
contra leader Eden Pastora in Costa Rica
to fight the Sandinistas as part of a
group of Miami Cubans including Frank
Castro and Rene Corbeau who established
a military camp in Costa Rica Jimenez
states that some of the Cuban Americans
had obtained weapons and explosives in
Florida for foreign operations FBI 302
of December 17 1984 November 29th 1984
the FBI sa George Kaczynski interviews
Joseph Marcos in connection with the
continental bank bombing investigation
Marco's advises him that a group of
Cuban Americans have established a
military camp in Naples Florida and that
Mariel boat Cubans marielitos and
Contras were being trained in the camp
before going to Costa Rica to receive
additional military training and to
participate in military operations
against the Sandinistas FBI 302 of
December 17 1984 December 12th 1984
Frank camper who operates a mercenary
training school in dolemite Alabama
reports to the FBI that there are
approximately quote one dozen US citizen
volunteers and 50 or more fdn trainees
training for deep penetration rates into
nicaragua end quote and that the
operation involves Posey and members of
CMA along with a Colonel Flacco camper
document subpoenaed by subcommittee mid
December 1984 meeting at Adolfo Calero
home in Miami to discuss southern front
operations of Contras the attendees
discussed what CMA could do on the
southern front with hole as the
coordinator
attendees adolfo Calero john hole Robert
Owen Philippe Vidal Santiago Morgan
Enrique Bermudez Joe Adams Tara dawn
Jack Terrell Flacco Lanny Duke dogs or o
iris-t de Sanchez
Donald Lacey and Frank chains
subcommittee depositions of Terrell and
Adams iran-contra deposition of Robert
Owen appendix B volume 20 pages 799 -
800 January 14 1985 North notebook entry
Rob Owen John hole no drug connection
believes iran-contra north notebook q0
977 january 24 1985 renee Corvo tells
FBI essay George Kaczynski that he is
the military leader of a contra training
camp in Naples Florida working with
francisco chains and Moises Nunez
together with John Hall who is assisting
the Contras from his Costa Rican ranch
FBI 302 March 1st 1985 February 15 1985
Frank Castro a Cuban American who had
previously been convicted on marijuana
importation charges in connection with a
spinoff of the DEA grouper case tells
FBI si George Kaczynski that he is
backing actions against communists
targets outside of the United States and
has been providing renee corvo's
military camp with military gear Castro
tells Kaczynski about the involvement in
the Contra war of John Hall who has
large holdings of farmland in Costa Rica
FBI 302 March 8 1985 February 1985 Life
magazine identifies Bruce Jones as quote
a CIA man in Nicaragua end quote and
describes his 55 acre citrus farm in the
jungles of northern Costa Rica
30 miles from the Nicaraguan border a
farm which is actually controlled by
John hull
February 1985 life February 1985 CMA
leader Tom Posey is arrested in Miami on
weapons charges where he meets hey-zeus
Garcia a booking officer who offers to
work with Posey and providing assistance
to the Contras iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 42
February 1985 at Howard Johnson's Motor
Lodge in Miami group of American
mercenaries associated with CMA are
introduced to renee Corbeau and others
involved in Cuban American operation in
support of Contras and discussed contra
training activities in Central America
mercenary Stephen Carr agrees to go to
Costa Rica to help train Contras see
iran-contra deposition of Owen appendix
being volume 20 page 799 Carey staff
interview of Stephen Carr in la reforma
prison San Jose Costa Rica March 9th
1986 late February early March 1985 Owen
goes to Costa Rica at the request of
Colonel north to coordinate meeting of
contra groups he is accompanied by Frank
Gomez of international business
communications and Jonathan Miller of
the NSC iran-contra deposition of Owen
appendix B volume 20 pages 658 through
660 March 3rd 1985 soldier of fortune
Steve Carr and Cuban named Pepito load
van full of uniforms boots and medicine
aboard cargo plane at Fort Lauderdale
Hollywood Airport FBI 302s of San
Francisco Pepito Hernandez June 17 1986
and June 24th 86 March 6th 1985 and
Miami car picks up 14-foot 20 millimeter
cannon with 150 rounds a box of 30 g3
automatic rifles and a box of m16s two
sixty millimeter mortars
and 80 to 100 mortar rounds and a 50
caliber machine gun with 250 rounds of
ammunition car Corbeau Thompson and car
aboard flight from Fort Lauderdale
Hollywood airport flight is on American
Flyers a Fort Lauderdale air charter
company owned by Daniel vest quess the
third twice convicted of running guns to
Cuba in the 1950s and 1960s plane flies
in to elope on go military airfield in
El Salvador no customs checks material
is offloaded includes 14 foot long 20
millimeter cannon ak-47 automatic rifles
etc these weapons were collected from
the residences of Corbeau and of frank
chains of ocean hunter the partner of
luis rodriguez FBI 302s of Corbeau
papito
documents produced by FBI in US v
Corbeau at all
SD florida 1988 including false customs
declaration cargo manifest and records
of florida aircraft leasing corporation
March 9th 1985 whole pays to fly British
mercenary Peter glimmery from Miami to
Costa Rica and support of contra
military activities iran-contra
deposition of Robert Owen appendix a
volume 20 page 797 March 1985 John hull
says he has a friend at the National
Security Council who puts ten thousand
dollars a month in Miami bank account
for him hull also tells car and glibly
around March 17th or 18th that he had
gotten a call from his friend at the NSC
who told him the FBI was investigating
him for drug trafficking and that his
friend said quote for God's sake tell me
if you are so we can do something end
quote
Carey staff interview of Peter glibly
March 9th 1986 and May 26th 1986 Owen
confirms $10,000 a month came from
contra funds maintained by Adolfo Calero
iran-contra deposition appendix B vol 20
pages 650 and
651 oh and later testifies that a film
producer named Larry Spivey had told
Owen he had talked with the FBI and that
quote the FBI is watching Hall for drug
trafficking end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Owen appendix
B volume 20 page 821 March 20th or 24th
1985 small plane lands at halls airstrip
with a nard a pilot in plane our clothes
boxes US Army manuals written in Spanish
from Special Forces school pilot was to
bring supplies north but had landed on
wrong field hole Owen Davies and glibly
and our day pilot fly in the art a plane
and holes to the wrong strip 50 miles
away and find the plane and the plane is
a 50 caliber browning boxes of uniforms
and other materials arms are then sent
to Wright airstrip iran-contra
deposition of Robert Owen appendix B
volume 20 pages 664 through 665 see also
carry staff interview of Peter glib Rhee
March 9th 1986 and May 26th 1986 April
24 1985 car delivery and three other
mercenaries are arrested in Costa Rica
on property controlled by John hull
following an April 9th raid on Nicaragua
see iran-contra deposition of courier
appendix B volume 8 pages 199 through
200 April 26th 1985 the State Department
confirms that two US citizens have been
arrested by Costa Rican police Diane
Dillard State Department spokesman in
officer of Consular Affairs
States quote all we know is that they
are in jail and that the consular
officer from the embassy is visiting
them
end quote Dillard cites press reports
that all denied the men were on his
property and suggests that whole quote
happens to have his farm in the wrong
neighborhood end quote
inter press service April 26th 1985 June
7th 1985 Adolfo Calero meets with Robert
Owen to conclude purchase of weapons and
ammunition for Contras after telephone
calls involving general singh lob who
was providing the weapons and Lieutenant
Colonel north who was overseeing the
purchase iran-contra testimony of Robert
Owen may 14 1987 pages 343 through 346
July 8 1985 following a July 7th 1985
press conference at la reforma prison in
Costa Rica the New York Times and Miami
Herald report that - mercenaries claimed
to have flown out of Fort Lauderdale
March 6th on flight loaded with weapons
for the Contras the mercenaries Stephen
Carr and Peter glittery named John Hall
as the chief liaison to the Contras in
Costa Rica July 8 1985 New York Times
July 21st 1985 Miami Herald July 28 1985
FBI agent courier initiates Neutrality
Act investigation on basis of reading
July 21st 1985 article in Miami Herald
quoting Carr and glib Rees statements
about supporting the Contras from South
Florida iran-contra deposition of
courier appendix B vol 8 pages 198 and
199 August 8 1985 New York Times reports
on front page that Contras are getting
advice from White House on operations
and the NSC aides were helping Contras
raise money from private sources
it describes the Contras as the account
of an unnamed military officer in the
NSC New York Times August 9th 1985
following meeting with Robert Owen North
notebook entry reads DC 6 which is being
used for run out
New Orleans is probably being used for
drug runs into u.s. North dock number 3
6 3 3 6 August 10th 1985 north notebook
entry reads southern front
john hole to arrange for redacted
training iran-contra appendix a page 374
later entry for that date reads meeting
with AC name of DEA person in New
Orleans
re bust on Mario dc-6 iran-contra
appendix a page 376 August 15 1985
Garcia is arrested on machine gun
charges he tells ATF arresting officers
that mac-10 and silencer were intended
to be shipped to Honduras for the
Nicaraguan Contras and he was part of a
paramilitary group that was going to
attack the embassy in Managua Nicaragua
he also states that he was a close
friend of Tom Posey the head of CMA and
that Garcia had given firearms and
ammunition to Posey in the past to be
shipped to the Contras and Americans in
Central America statement of Dennis
hamburger ATF arresting officer
August 27th 1985 in u.s. versus Garcia
SD Florida 1985 August 25th 1985 the New
York Times reports that John Hall is
reportedly helping Contras and is acting
as the fdn contact in Costa Rica August
25th 1986 New York Times new anti
sandanista unit forming on South border
page 3 October 11th 1985 financial
of London publishes interviews with car
and glittery in which they claim that
whole said he was receiving $10,000 per
month from the national security council
financial times soldiers failed to find
their fortune page 5 December 20th 1985
AP States reports link Nicaraguan rebels
to cocaine trafficking describing case
of Sebastian Gonzalez and alleged
involvement of Eden Pastora in using
drug money to buy supplies ap Nexus
January 7th 1986 the Miami US Attorney's
Office begins to investigate the cases
after Garcia was interviewed by FBI at
MCC in Miami alleging a plot hatched in
1985 in Miami to assassinate US
ambassador Thames and to pick up a
reward from Colombia Medellin Cartel
member
Jorge Okoye in the interview Garcia
placed Tom Posey of civilian military
assistance CMA Stephen Carr Peter
glimmery
Sam Hall and Bruce Jones in the plot the
FBI quote had very very good information
of what actually had occurred regarding
gun-running already the truth regarding
the flight and other flights extremely
good information we were aware of Miami
Cubans involved in gun running weapons
ammunition several occasions from Miami
to Central America the people involved
where the guns had been stored how the
money was raised end quote
Iran Contra deposition of courier
appendix B volume 8 pages 205 and 206
January 9th 1986 the State Department
begins making payments from the US
Treasury to forgery fuko's de puntarenas
a money laundering and drug smuggling
operation controlled by Cuban Americans
working on Contras apply efforts with
Rene Corbeau on behalf of the Contras
from funds appropriated for humanitarian
assistance
by the Congress the payments continue in
installments to April 20th 1986 totaling
260 1932 dollars
Gao analysis of NHA ohh payments FBI
memorandum of interview in re Luis
Rodriguez April 3rd 1987 with carlos
soto from us versus Rodriguez FBI 302s
of Jorge Kaczynski produced in US v
Corbeau January 14 1986 Garcia is
polygraphed the first FBI agent
reviewing the polygraph determines that
Garcia had passed a second review in
Washington concludes that Garcia's
answers were inconclusive on the
existence of plot and false on Tom
Posey's involvement iran-contra
deposition of mark Richard pages 78 and
79 courier vol 8 pages 205 and 206
January 22nd 1986 AUSA Jeffrey Feldman's
notes on Garcia allegations include Rene
Corbeau and John Hall Feldman 20 between
that date and mid-march the FBI
continued its investigation the FBI
agents involved kevin courier and George
Kaczynski discussed impaneling a grand
jury as early as February the name of
Oliver North comes up in FBI Miami
Corbeau Garcia investigation in this
period iran-contra deposition of courier
appendix B vol 8 pages 211 and 212
February 7th 1986
senator Kerry learns of Garcia's
allegations regarding private assistance
efforts on behalf of the Contras
involving alleged weapons and narcotics
violations senator Kerry asks his staff
to meet with hey-zeus Garcia at
Metropolitan Correctional Center in
Miami
Garcia suggests Senate staff interview
car and glimmery
to
ferm his allegations March 5th 1986 Gao
s Frank Conahan testifies before
Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere
affairs of house that 7.1 million
dollars of humanitarian aid distributed
by NHA ohh contains no audit trail
showing payments from brokers accounts
to suppliers and only partial
documentation of shipments from the
suppliers to the resistance forces
records subpoenaed by House subcommittee
reveal payments by the State Department
to preach Arif accosted a Puntarenas
with the signatories on the bank account
being luis rodriguez frank chains and
Moises Nunez chains and Nunez have
previously been cited in FBI
investigative reports for their
involvement with the Contras in Central
America Chains has been named as a
narcotics trafficker to the FBI and Luis
Rodriguez has been named as a narcotics
trafficker and previously taken the
Fifth Amendment in response to questions
by the IRS
Nha o documents and Gao analysis of bank
records subpoenaed by House subcommittee
FBI 302 of George Kaczynski September 24
1984 IRS interview on file in US v
Rodriguez and the Florida 1988 March 8
1986 Senator Kerry's staff interview car
and glittery at la reforma prison in
costa rica at that meeting car and
glibly repeat allegations they had made
in the past to the press regarding the
presence of explosives and mines on
whole farm and the connections between
North's courier Robert Owen hull and the
Cuban Americans providing support to the
Contras March 13 1986 Assistant Director
of FBI
Oliver B buck rebel sent an urgent
inquiry to FBI Miami about Costa Rican
and Miami neutrality case
asking for a summary of the Corbeau
investigation expeditiously a 38 page
lhm or letterhead memorandum is sent in
March to rebel from courier and
Kaczynski in response to rebels requests
it mentions Owens name as well as whole
and Sam whole as among the targets of
the grand jury that courier and
Kaczynski are then anticipating
iran-contra deposition of courier
appendix B volume 8 page 229 in addition
to rebel the original lhm was sent to US
Attorney's Office in Miami to customs in
Miami and to HQ March 14 1986 assistant
AG mark Richard calls Miami US Attorney
Kilner to ask him about a case involving
allegations of an alleged plot to
assassinate the ambassador to Costa Rica
and a variety of other allegations
including blowing up embassies
iran-contra deposition of Kilner
appendix B vol 14 page 1031 FBI agent
Kevin courier and Miami public defender
John mattis Garcia's lawyer met with
Feldman Feldman brings customs
declaration forms on March 6th flight
and hotel bills confirming Garcia's
claim that car and Thompson or at Howard
Johnson's Hotel in Miami Kellner
appeared at meeting asking quote does
anybody know anything about these
mercenaries in Costa Rica end quote
it was Feldman's impression that he
asked this as a consequence of a phone
call from justice as a result of
Kellner's interest Feldman decides the
case was more important than he
previously thought Kellner and Feldman
agree that Feldman will go to Costa Rica
to check the case out iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 55 Feldman tells mattis that he
hopes to impanel a grand jury on case
according to FBI agent courier Kellner
states he had been on the phone with
high-ranking officials in the US
Department of Justice regarding Garcia
and the mercenaries incarcerated in la
reforma prison in Costa Rica iran-contra
a deposition of courier appendix B vol 8
page 213 March 17 1986 Kellner is called
by mark richard of justice to request a
continuance in Garcia's sentencing
hearing
according to Feldman quote between March
14th and 17th it was a lot of momentum
building up and quote Feldman files for
a continuance at justices request
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 60 iran-contra
deposition of Kilner appendix B volume
14 page 1034 March 18 1986 the San
Francisco Examiner reports that quote
one or two Contras may have dealt
cocaine end quote the article cites a
State Department official William Walker
as acknowledging that a few Contras
might have been involved who were
associated with the r-day group but
could provide no details examiner page a
12 March 18 1986 Feldman's notes refer
to Daniel Vasquez Jaime Ortega and other
possible targets of neutrality probe
include Rene Corbeau frank castro
francisco chains philippe eva doll juan
perez Franco Stephen Carr Peter glimmery
according to Feldman George Kaczynski
discovers that Corbeau and other Cubans
might not only have been involved in
bombing the continental bank in Miami
but also in training people at
paramilitary camps and sending them down
to Costa Rica iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 63
March 18
1986 Feldman draws up list of witnesses
which includes the pilot of the March
6th weapons flight plane Daniel Vasquez
Martha honey Tony ever gun John mattis
hey-zeus Garcia Jack Terrell and Alan
Psalm iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 64 March 20th
1986 Deputy Attorney General Lowell
Jensen sends letter from FBI assistant
director Oliver buck rebel regarding
neutrality matters investigations
content of entire memo redacted before
sent to iran-contra committee C
iran-contra exhibit am 73 March 21st
1986 Feldman makes note to make travel
arrangements to meet with Jack Terrell
in New Orleans Terrell has previously
given a statement to an FBI officer in
New Orleans iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 66
March 24 1986 Assistant Attorney General
Stephen s Trott writes assistant AG mark
Richard to quote please get on top of
this DL J Lowell Jensen is giving a
heads-up to the NSC he would like us to
watch over it
call Kellner find out what he is up and
advised him that decisions should be run
by you
end quote iran contra exhibit am 73
iran-contra deposition of richard
appendix b volume 23 page 55 Jensen
testifies that he then briefed Admiral
Poindexter in the NSC about the
allegations made by hey-zeus Garcia
including Neutrality Act violations and
alleged contra gun-running it was the
only time Jensen ever briefed Poindexter
on a case Iran can't
deposition of Jensen appendix B volume
14 pages 582 through 593 Richards says
this memo was justified because NSC
should be alerted about a plot to attack
us facilities and quote it's natural
that somebody in this context better
tell the NSC assuming you give any
credence to the allegations end quote
Richards says that the memo meant the
decisions on the case to prosecute or
not prosecute the ultimate decision to
indict or not indict should be run by
him Richards says he has no idea why the
case was being treated so seriously that
one would have to ask trot or Jensen
Richards has written an undated note
from this period hole CIA after March
24th 1986 North has provided an FBI
investigative report on the Miami
investigation written by Kaczynski
according to Justice Department
spokesman the report is later found in
North's files at the NSC after the
iran-contra affair is uncovered the
exact date North received the document
is unspecified c.a.p North got FBI
report on contra supply probe officials
say April 14 1987 March 25th 1986
Feldman and FBI sa Kaczynski meet with
disaffected contra mercenary Jack
Terrell in New Orleans who describes
paramilitary activities of CMA Terrell
Posey Terrell is questioned for 14 hours
Feldman said Owen was CIA iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 69 deposition of courier volume
8 page 217 March 26th 1986 Assistant
Attorney General Mark Richards notes
that he quote spoke to Kilner AUSA not
back from new
orlans file contra folder and quote
according to Richard Kellner said story
was quote something being manipulated by
a couple of reporters end quote and by
Garcia to mitigate his sentence and
involved quote CIA involvement in this
transaction government irregularities
and what-have-you end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Richard
appendix B volume 23 page 66 March 27
1986 Feldman meets with Kellner
discusses Terrill interview and
confusion about quote thousands of
allegations and quote flying around
including assassination plot on
ambassador mercenaries in Honduras and
common threats were people who were
attempting to assist the Contras
according to Feldman Kellner and Feldman
were both very confused about
allegations iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 70
March 28 1986 Feldman meets with Kellner
for six hours Kellner has no
recollection of substance of meeting
Feldman has no recollection of substance
of meeting it ends with Kellner advising
him to go to Costa Rica
Feldman cannot recall whether he
discussed Oliver North or Feldman with
Kellner at meeting iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 71 iran-contra deposition of
Kellner appendix B volume 14 page 1040
prior to March 30th 1986 Feldman has
developed chart showing Oliver North
National Security Council staff
intelligence advisor CIA Rob Owens State
Department something--a ID John hull
from whole our lines to Bruce Jones Jim
Denby then a line from hole to fdn and
from fdn to cuban allegiance legion
Renee core Bo's organization
Feldman states that his quote earliest
notes showed a reference to north end
quote iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B vol 10 pages 72 and 73 March
31st 1986 Feldman courier and Kaczynski
fly to Costa Rica and go to US Embassy
where they are advised by Assistant
Security office Jim Nagel that
ambassador Tam's wishes to speak to them
Feldman quote pulled out my little chart
with Oliver North Rob Owen and John Hall
the Ambassador turned white the only
thing he said when I pulled out the
chart was get Castillo in here end quote
iran contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 79 deposition
of courier volume 8 page 222 March 31
1986 Thomas Castillo is introduced to
Feldman as CIA station chief in Costa
Rica with Tam's present Castillo tells
Feldman that whole was classified US
equipment prior to 1984 and used by a
u.s. military to deliver supplies to
Contras prior to the Boland Amendment
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 pages 80 and 81
Castillo tells Feldman Hall hasn't been
involved in any military capacity for us
G or Contras since March of 1984 but
that Corbeau is a renegade without any
ties and has 50 people operating in
Costa Rica out of holes ranch Castillo
requests that Feldman or justice contact
him if justice is to take action against
Hall accuses honey and irrigant of being
tied into September murder and of being
sandanista agents Castillo tells Feldman
that quote I can tell you for a fact
that John Hall knows both Rob Owen and
Oliver
end quote and that North quote is the
person who introduced me to the
President of the United States last week
and quote iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 pages 82
and 83 March 31st 1986
according to courier Castillo said
Corbeau was in Costa Rica near opala
worked with Fernando el Negro gemoro
that the CIA had an association with
gemoro and Vidal
but that Corbeau was a renegade and that
the CIA used hauls farm until March 1984
deposition of courier volume 8 page 224
March 31st 1986 Feldman concludes that
Castillo is directing justice to go
after Corbeau and leave the other people
alone iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 85 March 31st
1986 north notebook entry states quote
call from redacted assistant US attorney
to FBI and resident agent Renee Corbeau
Terrell Flacco cma guns to redacted
north notebook number q 2 0 7 8 April
2nd 1986 Feldman becomes increasingly
certain he is being watched while in
Costa Rica Nagel security officer of
State at Embassy advised Kaczynski that
quote the US ambassador is the law and
Feldman Kaczynski etcetera are here
through his graciousness there are other
agencies that had their operational
requirements and we should not interfere
with the work of these agencies end
quote iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 86 April 3
1986 hull calls Feldman tells him he
won't speak to him on advice of counsel
Feldman asks whether anyone at the US
Embassy had advised him not to talk Hall
denies this Kirk Cotulla at the Embassy
then admits 40 minutes later that
Cotulla advised Hall not to talk
Feldman testifies that he has caught
hole in a dead lie Feldman 59 but
Feldman tells courier that embassy
staffer Fitzgerald has told him that
hole went to the embassy spoke to Thames
and that hole had been in contact with
the NSC regarding the FBI justice
inquiry iran-contra deposition of
courier appendix B volume 8 page 227
April 3rd 1986 State Department officer
Nagle advises Feldman that quote Hall is
a friend of Ronald Reagan if you
understand what I mean end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 89 quote they
at the embassy seemed very protective of
mr. Hall and the others they didn't
interfere but they were reluctant to
help end quote courier page 224 April
3rd 1986 Feldman is told by vice consul
paul Fitzgerald at Embassy that Hall had
been contacted by the National Security
Council and the voice of America during
Feldman's visit iran-contra deposition
of Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 89
Nagel is then following Feldman around
remainder of trip which has Feldman
increasingly unhappy
according to Feldman after the Miami
Herald writes about this incident go
tula told reporters
Feldman lied about what happened at
Embassy and the embassy treated John
hole like they would treat any other
citizen iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B vol 10 pages 90 and
April 4th 1986 Feldman Kaczynski and
courier returned to Miami courier
contacts FBI headquarters international
terrorist unit to report what Tam's
Castillo and the others had told him
while he was in Costa Rica iran-contra
deposition of courier appendix B vol 8
page 228 Feldman asks questions and
raises issues about Boland amendment at
meeting with Anna Barnett Larry sharp
Richard Gregory and Leon Kellner asking
whether there were criminal penalties
attached to Boland they asked David Lee
want to pull a copy off the machine and
he enters meeting iran-contra deposition
of Feldman appendix B vol 10 pages 97
and 98 Kellner can't remember who the
government officials were that were
being discussed as being involved in
connection with looking at the Boland
Amendment Kellner recalls they were
looking at the National Security Council
but does not recall them looking at
Oliver North iran-contra deposition of
Kellner appendix B vol 14 pages 1 1 2 8
through 1 1 3 0
Gregory recalls that the meeting lasted
two hours and that Feldman mentioned
Oliver North's name as quote this fellow
North who is behind all of this end
quote in the bureaucracy iran-contra
deposition of Gregory Appendix B vol 12
page 11 64 mark Richard calls Gregory
several times after this meeting asking
Gregory to check with Kellner to see
what the progress of the investigation
is April 4th 1986 Feldman says that it
was at this meeting that newspapers
David Lamont say Kellner told him to go
slow but that he has no memory of that
taking place he left the meeting with an
order to write a memo so that they could
study the assassination and gun plots
Kellner expresses little interest in
neutrality violation
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 98 April 4th
1986 Keltner remembers the meeting as
including Barnett Scharf Gregory filled
Minh and himself and that Feldman showed
him a diagram and discussed the Boland
amendment with him at that meeting this
chart has the name North NSC and Robert
Owen on it
Feldman tells Kellner and the rest of
the group about his meeting with the CIA
station chief Castillo kelenjar does not
register surprise iran-contra deposition
of Kilner appendix B vol 14 pages 1041
through 1050 Richard says he talked to
Kellner in this period regarding Garcia
case but did not ever ask Kilner to slow
it down iran-contra deposition of
Richard appendix B volume 23 page 93
Richard says to his knowledge no one
else did either
Richard is asked whether he discussed
with Kellner the implications of the
Garcia Neutrality Act case in regard to
any pending votes in the Congress
Richard does not answer question
directly instead richard testifies there
was quote always controversy on one
aspect or another of the contra matter
end quote
but quote from my perspective in dealing
with something with the administration
issuing all sorts of statements saying
look the CIA is not doing this
the NSC is not doing this we were
fighting by the Boland Amendment we're
doing this we're acting in good faith in
compliance with the laws we take the
investigation where the facts take us
and then we take the heat when it's not
a particularly popular judgment end
quote
iran contra deposition of richard
appendix b volume 23 pages 93 and 94
richard testifies that his understanding
was that the CIA was denying any
relationship with john hall
that it had previously terminated
iran-contra deposition of Richard
appendix B volume 23 page 97 April 7th
1986 Rob Owen writes Oliver North
describing in detail the Feldman
investigation and the Feldman courier
and Kosinski visit to Costa Rica based
on a conversation he had with CIA
station chief Tomas Castillo oh and
notes that quote Feldman looks to be
wanting to build a career on this case
he even showed Castillo and the
Ambassador a diagram with your name at
the top mine underneath and John holes
underneath mine then a line connecting
the various resistance groups in CR
Feldman stated they were looking at the
big picture and not only looking at a
possible violation of the neutrality Act
but at possible unauthorized use of
government funds exhibit TC 15
iran-contra committees oh and testifies
that he received his information
regarding the Justice Department
investigation from whole CIA station
chief Tomas Castillo and possibly from
ambassador temps Iran Contra appendix B
vol 20 page 8:30 to April 7th through
May 2nd 1986 Feldman works on memo about
Garcia case gun-running and
assassination plot iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B page 99
April 11th 1986 The Associated Press
reports that a federal investigation is
underway into assertions that Nicaraguan
rebels and some of their
non-governmental American backers have
engaged in gun running and drug
trafficking the AP says the inquiry was
quote examining assertions that cocaine
was smuggled to help finance the rebels
war effort and that the Neutrality Act
was violated the article quoted Jack
Terrell is stating he had been
interviewed by the FBI on allegations
concern
weapons shipments from the u.s. to
contrabass camps in Central America
involvement of Contras in drug smuggling
and a reported conspiracy to assassinate
the US ambassador to Costa Rica Louis
temps ap report appears in the New York
Times and Washington Post April 11th
1986 the Boston Globe reports the US
Attorney's office in Miami is
investigating allegations of extensive
criminal activity by soldiers of fortune
working with the Contras that include
gun-running and a plot to attack u.s.
embassy in Costa Rica story quotes ana
Barnett spokesman for Kellner as saying
quote it is a very hot topic and quote
article quotes senator Kerry is saying
quote over the past few months
my office has engaged in an
investigation of alleged drug smuggling
gun-running
Neutrality Act violations and other
equally if not more serious offenses to
date we have received substantial
corroboration for these activities it's
vital for Congress to investigate these
matters fully in order to uncover the
truth end quote
April 11th 1986 Feldman discusses
Associated Press article with Kilner and
Barnett Feldman tells Kellner the Miami
cases are a hot potato Kilner replies
quote politics are not for me to
consider the only thing that I need to
consider is the evidence and the law end
quote
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 100 a
prolonged extre rights memorandum of
senior staff meeting to discuss FBI
story on drugs and gun running by
Contras Poindexter exhibits iran-contra
committees page 41 April 12
1986 Attorney General Meese visits Miami
and meets with Kellner in course of
visiting FBI agents hospitalized after a
shootout Kellner meets Meese at airport
and drives in convoy to hospital at the
hospital Meese calls Kellner aside and
asks him about the Garcia case referring
to the assassination plot
Keller replies that there is no evidence
for the assassination plot but that the
gun-running was still under
investigation
the conversation lasts only three
minutes and Meese asked no follow-up
questions iran-contra deposition of
Kilner appendix B vol 14 pages 1052
through 1054 April 13 1986 memo sent
from trot to Richard and tone sing of
Justice referring to the Boland
amendment and requesting a memorandum on
the amendment it is triggered by quote
one of many congressional requests for
appointment of special prosecutor end
quote
Iran Contra deposition of Richard
appendix B volume 23 page 48 April 17
1986 The Washington Post reports that
the Reagan administration acknowledges
that some rebels quote may have engaged
in and quote drug trafficking but were
not acting on the orders of their
leaders according to the post Elliott
Abrams developed a three-page document
for congressman Charles stenholm stating
that quote individual members of the
resistance may have engaged in such
activity but it was in so far as we can
determine without the authorization of
resistance leaders end quote
post a 40 April 17th 1986
senator Kerry writes senator lugar
provides a summary of allegations of
criminal activities connected to contra
supply operations and asks for a formal
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
investigation
among the activities sided by Senator
Kerry are the Tam's murder conspiracy
the penka bombing drug smuggling
connecting Colombia Costa Rica Nicaragua
and the u.s. weapons smuggling involving
CMA and Brigade 2506 transport of arms
from Miami and New Orleans to Contras in
Central America Kerry lugar
correspondence April 18 1986 Oliver
North writes in his notebook quote
Shannon investigating la penka in
consort with Senator Kerry trying to get
evidence linking RR to la penka and
quote North notebook q2 1:09 April 21st
1986 Stephen Carr writes Feldman care of
Cotulla at US Embassy in Costa Rica
asking for opportunity to cooperate so
that he can get out of jail iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 105 April 22nd 1986 Kerry staff
provides detailed information on its
investigation including a list of
targets to committee staff of the Senate
Foreign Relations Committee entry in
North notebook reads bill Perry Kerry
investigation violations North notebook
q 2 1 1 1 April 24 1986 Feldman meets
with Kilner no notes of what was
discussed iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 106
April 25th 1986 Feldman again meets with
Kilner no notes of what was discussed
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 105 April 26th
1986 Feldman again meets with Kellner no
notes of what was discussed Iran Contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 105
Feldman works on first draft of his
prosecutorial memo downplaying the
investigation but recommending a grand
jury it was the first of many versions
of the Feldman memo all dated May 14th
there are six in all iran-contra
deposition of courier appendix B volume
8 pages 233 through to 35 April 28 1986
Feldman submits first draft to Kellner
who advises him that he does not like it
because it is not sufficiently detailed
Feldman rewrites it Feldman says quote
investigation has dispelled Garcia's
story but we have learned CME CMA
actively assisted fdn in Honduras Costa
Rica between November 84 and April 85
there is no question Rene Corbeau and
CME actively recruited individuals in
the u.s. to train and or fight with the
fdn and Contras further investigation
may also verify cars claim the weapons
were among the items shipped from the
u.s. to Salvador end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 106 April 28
1986 Kellner says Feldman memo started
in middle and it's conclusion
further investigation may also verify
cars claim that weapons were among the
items shipped from the United States to
San Salvador El Salvador was inadequate
Kilner says he intended it to go to
Washington and wanted it to be clear and
formal iran-contra deposition of Kellner
appendix B vol 14 pages 105 9 & 106 0
April 30th 1986 Miami Herald reports
that North's activities may have
violated Boland amendment citing his
involvement in fundraising for Contras
Miami Herald 8 a sometime in this period
though
shows Currier revised memorandum Feldman
tells courier that Kilner had told him
to change the recommendation for the
grand jury and that instead it concluded
that the grand jury was premature
this version did not include the fishing
expedition language and that language
was not included in the version the FBI
was given in June of 1986 courier never
sees the fishing expedition version
until after iran-contra came to light
iran-contra deposition of courier
appendix B volume 8 pages 234 and 235
May 1st 1986 Pat Courtin public affairs
US Department of Justice tells AP that
there is no substance to gun running
charges quote it's a classic case of
much ado about nothing the US Attorney
and the FBI have conducted an inquiry
into all of the charges and none of them
have any substance it's unfortunate the
junior senator from Massachusetts puts
more credence in them than we do all
leads were completely exhausted
interviews were conducted in Florida
Louisiana Central America and turned up
absolutely nothing we ran it down and
there isn't anything there and quote AP
courier testifies that the FBI never
interviewed Owen or Posey two targets of
the investigation
however the FBI had by then interviewed
Corbeau and corroborated the fact that
flights had occurred where weapons were
on board and Corbeau and others were
recruiting individuals from Miami to
fight with the Contras iran-contra
deposition of courier appendix B volume
8 pages 237 through to 39 May first
1986 north notebook entry reads meeting
with redacted re carry travel q2 1 2 7
early May 1986 Kellner is annoyed at
press reports saying there was no
investigation of Garcia case and asks
Barnett to call Washington and say it
was wrong that in fact there was an
investigation going forward Barnett
calls Patt cordon Kellner decides that
he will send Feldman memo to Washington
to counter these misstatements
iran-contra deposition of Kilner
appendix B vol 14 pages 1055 through
1056 May 2nd 1986 representatives of the
FBI Justice Department DEA and State
Department meet to discuss the approach
of their agencies to responding to
Senator Kerry's attempts to convene
hearings on allegations concerning the
Contras subcommittee deposition of Tom
Meryem October 25th 1988 may 5th 1986
National Public Radio reports that
Senator Kerry's staff has been
investigating charges of illegal
activity involving not only Contras but
American officials with ties to the
National Security Council and names
Lieutenant Colonel north NPR piece
includes statement of Jack Terrell that
he has seen direct involvement of CIA in
the field and NSC money going to Costa
Rica NPR piece includes statements by
officials at Justice Department who say
that inquiry stopped a month ago
according to NPR a Justice spokesman
said that quote US Attorney in South
Florida and the FBI conducted an inquiry
into all of these charges and none of
them have any substance all leads were
completely exhausted and interviews in
Florida Louisiana and Central America
turned up absolutely nothing end quote
may 5th 1986 Kellner and Feldman meet to
discuss memo again iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 107 may 6th 1986 Republican
foreign relations staff member Rick
Messick sets up meeting of
representatives of FBI justice CIA State
Department DEA and NH AO to mate with
Senator Kerry's staff Rosenbluth McCall
and whiner regarding allegations Senator
Kerry's staff details allegations about
Neutrality Act violations in Florida
CIA representatives state that the
allegations are false the CIA
representatives state that they have
information regarding these specific
flights involved cited by the Kerry
staff specifically including a March 6th
1985 flight the CIA representatives
state that no weapons were aboard the
planes Tom Meryem of Justice states that
Justice is conducting an ongoing
investigation of the charges Ken
Bergquist states that the public
statements by the Justice Department to
the contrary are inaccurate
weinerman calm may 6th 1986
Meryem mem calm may 6th 1986 Messick mem
calm may 6th 1986 subcommittee files may
6th 1986 a spokesman for Justice
Department tells the New York Times that
charges regarding gun-running are false
that quote all leads have been
completely exhausted end quote and that
no further investigation is needed the
New York Times a 6 May 9th 1986 after
previously meeting with FBI assistant
director Oliver B Revell north meets
with FBI agents and asks them to
investigate half a dozen people whose
activities he believed were tied to
foreign agents including Terrell and
Senator Kerry FBI documents Iran
entre Appendix A pages 798 through 800
May 12th 1986 justice rights senator
kerrey asking him to provide evidence of
allegations justice carry correspondence
May 12th 1986 John hull writes George
Kaczynski and Kevin courier of FBI to
advise them that he has been told the
investigation against him has quote been
dropped for lack of evidence
end quote whole FBI correspondence May
13 1986 John hole writes ambassador
Thames asking for advice from the
political and legal department of the
u.s. embassy and advising Tams that hole
will not mail letter to Kaczynski and
courier of May 12th which hole encloses
without the permission of Tam's and CIA
station chief Thomas Castillo hole Tam's
correspondence May 13 1986 north
notebook entry reads 1930 call from Rick
Messick Terrell told not to talk to FBI
Jonathan Winer redacted q2 146 May 13
1986 Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Ken Bergquist writes memorandum to
Assistant Attorney General Steve trot
regarding the quote upcoming Contra
hearings in the Senate Foreign Relations
Committee and quote Bergquist provides
trot with a list of the participants in
the May 6th meeting with senator lugar
and Senator Kerry's staff and an outline
of what was discussed at the meeting
Bergquist advises trot that quote the
obvious intent of Senator Kerry is to
try to orchestrate a series of
sensational accusations against the
Contras in order to obtain massive press
coverage at about the time of the next
contra aid vote it does not matter that
the accusations are unfounded as long as
they are uncontested at the time they
are presented
if we are unable to immediately and
effectively provide the true facts in
each allegation at the time of the
hearing perception will defeat reality
and the true story will never be heard
or appreciated end quote
Bergquist recommends that justice
provide information to the committee
regarding the individuals identified by
Kari as making the charges concerning
the contras Bergquist states that quote
Senator Kerry will take every
opportunity to make the implication or
express claim that there is a conspiracy
within the administration to cover-up
illegal activities of the Contras and
their supporters end quote and suggests
that justice work instead to show the
true story
Bergquist trot memo May 14 1986
senator Kerry writes justice that he
would be glad to have his staff meet
again with justice to discuss such
allegations further justice does not
respond to this letter until June 24th
justice Kerry correspondence May 14 1986
Miami Herald reports that Senator
Kerry's staff is looking into charges of
gun running and drug smuggling as well
as White House involvement with the
Contras during the time such involvement
was prohibited by Boland amendment May
14 1986 AUSA Feldman and FBI agent
courier meet go over memo line by line
and both conclude that they should go
forward with a grand jury investigation
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 107 May 14
1986 draft of Feldman memo setting forth
the prosecution's case in connection
with the Miami neutrality act
prosecution of Renee Corbeau at all
states quote a grand jury investigation
would ultimately reveal gun running
activity including gun running and
neutrality violations due to the
political nature of this case I'm not
sure such
violations could be successfully
prosecuted in South Florida end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 108 Kellner
scribbles out last paragraph and
inserted quote I concur we have
sufficient evidence to institute a grand
jury investigation into the activities
described herein end quote iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 pages 108 through 109 iran-contra
deposition of Kilner appendix B volume
14 page 1060 May 20th 1986 Scharf
Barnett Kellner and Feldman meet sheriff
expresses opposition to going to grand
jury at end of meeting Kellner asks
Feldman to changed conclusion of memo
and he agrees to do so at end of meeting
Feldman rewrites memo to state quote I
conclude that we have sufficient
evidence to continue the investigation
into the activities described herein at
present it would be premature to take
this matter to the grand jury some
background work still needs to be
finished upon completion of this work I
believe a grand jury investigation may
be in order and quote Kellner emphasizes
that he is concerned about not
destroying reputations Feldman says he
had concerns about what they were doing
because quote there were articles in the
New York Times and I was questioned in
my own mind at that point whether or not
there was some fishy business going on
end quote
iran contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 pages 113 through
115 May 20th 1986
Gregory recalls being at above meeting
that Feldman had the facts together that
quote there were all kinds of unanswered
questions people obviously lying
individuals who had given us half the
facts and half-truths up to that time he
had some wild stories that were
concocted by freelance newspaper
reporters
mercenaries who were unreliable and I
did not think it was appropriate to go
into the grand jury end quote
Iran Contra deposition of gregory
appendix b vol 12 page eleven seventy
nine gregory testified that Feldman's
case in May was quote thoroughly
confused and had no direction end quote
iran contra deposition of gregory
appendix b vol 12 page 11 81 may 22nd
1986 Feldman chose to leave signature
off final revised draft of Feldman
prosecution memo quote I don't know why
end quote
he notes that at this point they are not
looking at North but are looking at the
gun shipment and the neutrality
violation that Corbeau was involved in
and perhaps CMA was involved in end
quote iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 pages 116 and 117
May 22nd 1986 ABC News Tonight reports
that at least one shipment of weapons
was smuggled from u.s. to Central
America from Fort Lauderdale Airport to
Allah Pongo to Costa Rica
may 23rd 1986 deputy assistant AG
Bergquist writes assistant AG trot to
pass on requests for information
regarding Stephen Carr Jack Terrell and
hey-zeus Garcia and preparation for
Foreign Relations hearings the
information requested is for arrest
records and any statements made to the
FBI by each of these individuals
Bergquist trot memo Bergquist also
provides trot with a summary of key
stories on Contras involvement in crime
the summary lists 39 stories which
appeared in the press from twelve
thirteen eighty four to five 2284 Kilner
file provided to AUSA Jeffery Feldman
subpoenaed by subcommittee
May 24 1986 FBI 302 of interview with
Francisco Hernandez aka Pepito who
confirms that he assisted Rene Corvo in
supporting Eden Pastora Alfonzo Rabello
and other Contras in Costa Rica
including shipments of weapons from the
United States which went from Fort
Lauderdale through Allah Pongo Air Force
Base in El Salvador may 27th 1986
Feldman makes lists of interviews that
need to be conducted iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 118 June 1st 1986 Miami Herald
reports that a special investigative
unit will be set up within the House
Judiciary Committee to probe allegations
of criminal activity by Contras article
quotes a Justice Department official as
saying FBI and DEA have quote run down
each and every one end quote of the
allegations regarding gun-running murder
plots drug trafficking and corruption
connected to Contras and found quote no
credible or substantive evidence end
quote
warranting prosecution of contra leaders
the Justice Department describes the
allegations as those of quote
disgruntled people with an axe to grind
who have little credibility end quote
and said congressional efforts to
investigate the allegations smacked of
McCarthyism and that some congressional
aides quote were seeking to destroy the
Contras by innuendo in the press end
quote
the justice official quoted said quote I
can state categorically that the
Attorney General did not at any time ask
or instruct any US prosecutor to slow
down or in any other way impede any
investigations on the Contras end quote
the article said that a contra official
admitted that north and the NSC helped
the rebels raise private aid find
sources for weapons and ammunition and
developed strategy and tactics
Miami Herald page a 28 June 2nd 1986
Kellner assigns Feldman to work on Thai
heroin case iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 121
June 2nd 1986 AUSA Scharf resubmits
Feldman's memo for Corrections which he
does not show Feldman he makes changes
on memo without Feldman's permission
Feldman notes that the major change was
in the conclusion
Feldman believed when the background
work was done quote the grand jury
investigation may be in order end quote
sharp rewrites this to say quote a grand
jury investigation at this point would
represent a fishing expedition with
little prospect that it would bear fruit
end quote
Feldman notes that some of scharff's
changes were reaching but that Feldman
was never shown them before it went out
to mark Richard at the Justice
Department in Washington iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B vol 10
pages 121 through 124 June 3rd 1986 The
Washington Times reports anti contra
witness said to fabricate story
regarding Jack terral's charges of
neutrality act and weapons violation
involving American supporters of the
Contras and the involvement of the CIA
June 3rd 1986 Kellner sends Feldman memo
to justice never hears back from them
and never calls about any reaction he
testifies that quote the purpose of the
memo was not for them to do anything the
purpose of the memo was to give them the
information of what I was doing and
quote iran-contra deposition of Kellner
appendix B vol 14 page 1073 according to
Richard in the course of an earlier
conversation with Kilner he had
requested that Kellner keep him
appraised of the status of case and
developments in response Kellner
provided him both the
Feldman memo and a copy of the Christic
Institute lawsuit naming Secord
iran-contra deposition of Richard
appendix B vol 23 page 95 June 3rd 1986
FBI agents meet with oliver north who
quote expressed specific concern as to
why no action has been taken regarding
charges placed by senator kerry against
north nor any attempt to obtain the
information presently at the Department
of Justice DOJ involving Senator Kerry's
allegations and quote in a June 11th
1986 memo relating to this meeting the
FBI agents conclude to the director that
quote WFO FBI's Washington field office
has no predication into this
investigation end quote
Iran Contra appendix a volume 1 page 805
sometime after June 2nd 1986 the Feldman
memo is leaked to the press and to
congressional staff in his testimony
before the iran-contra committees
Feldman is asked who leaked it he says
he does not know but that quote the memo
was stolen out of my cabinet and quote
because a note attached to it about
Tomas Castillo and John hull showed up
under his door several months later that
note was the quote most sensitive
footnote in the entire memorandum end
quote because it suggested that Hall was
an operative for the CIA
Feldman notes that he didn't lock his
office or file cabinet because both were
in a secure area and quote all you are
locking your door from are your
colleagues
end quote Feldman notes quote I wasn't
cynical enough and quote iran-contra
position of Feldman appendix B volume 10
page 129 June 4th 1986 FBI 302 report on
interview with Renee Corvo states that
Corvo told FBI quote the only crime he
has committed our United States
neutrality violations for shipping
weapons from South Florida to Central
America these weapons were destined for
the Contras end quote
Corvo confirms details of allegations
made by car regarding the shipment of
weapons from Fort Lauderdale on March
6th 1985 and involvement of Salvadorian
military officials in his contra supply
operation FBI 302 released in US v
Corbeau SD Florida 1988 on May 6th 1986
the CIA had advised the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee that it had specific
intelligence that these allegations
regarding Corvo were false June 8 1986
Miami Herald runs front-page story by
alfonso chardee stating that NSC and CIA
managed Contras during Boland amendment
and a network overseen by North with
help from CIA
chardee story cites Owen and Singh lob
as among those helping north and naming
hull as one of Owens contacts Miami
Herald June 10th 1986 AP runs story by
Robert Peary and Brian Barger alleging
that Reagan administration managed
private contra aid network through North
using Robert Owen as a buffer and John
hole in Costa Rica ap June 10th 1986
Feldman discusses mattis and Garcia with
Kellner iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 130
June 11th 1986 FBI
agents report to director that the
Christic Institute complaint filed in
Miami names individuals who quote are
presently aiding the Contra effort under
Colonel North Direction end quote
Iran Contra appendix a page 803 June
11th 1986 Associated Press reports that
quote us allegedly ran private network
to armed Contras and quote the article
stated that quote the White House
working through outside intermediaries
managed a private aid network that
provided military assistance to
Nicaraguan rebels during last year's
congressional aide ban according to
government officials rebel leaders and
their American supporters and quote
Baltimore Sun page one June 12th 1986
Washington Times reports that Kerry
Contra probe is witch-hunt June 13 1986
FBI 302 interview of Rene Corbeau in
which Corbeau again confirms his
transport of weapons from South Florida
into Central America for the Contras on
March 6th 1985 and June 16th 1985
Corbeau also confirms that John hull
provided assistance to his and other
contra support groups in northern Costa
Rica June 17 1986 FBI 302 interview of
Francisco Hernandez in which Hernandez
again confirms involvement in Contra
support operations in northern Costa
Rica involving Rene Corvo Hernandez
states that he and other supporters of
the Contras were assisted from military
officials at illa Pongo in El Salvador
June 17
1986 North rights in notebook quote Jean
Wheaton wants to talk to PF IAB has
talked to Kerry
end quote q2 2 to 3 June 20th 1986
Feldman leaves for Thailand
he remains out of pocket until August
1st iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 131 June 24th
1986 after Kerry staff contacts Rick
Messick of FRC to say that justice has
never called to gather further
information regarding allegations
justice sends another letter to Carrie
reaffirming its interest in quote
vigorously and expeditiously end quote
investigating any evidence to support
allegations of criminal activity carry
justice correspondence June 25th 1986
Senator Kerry makes a presentation
before a closed-door session of the
committee and that presentation
senator Kerry states that in looking at
allegations concerning the Contras he
had found that quote some American
officials decided to circumvent the
clear prohibitions of the Boland
Amendment and as a result of that it
appears that the Contras and the
infrastructure set up to support them
determined that they had a license in a
sense to violate laws and quote he also
reviews allegations regarding narcotics
trafficking involving the Bahamas and
Panama and calls for an investigation of
the links between narcotics trafficking
law enforcement and foreign policy at
conclusion of session Richard Lugar
announces publicly that Foreign
Relations Committee has ordered a staff
inquiry to review allegations of drug
running involving Contras and
Sandinistas June 20
1986 Carrie responds to justice letter
again inviting justice to contact his
staff to set up a meeting to provide
further information on the allegations
concerning criminal activity in
connection with the Contras justice
never responds Carrie justice
correspondence June 11th 1986 Glenn
Robinette meets Jack Terrell as part of
an investigation of Terrell on behalf of
the Secord Enterprise iran-contra
appendix a volume 1 pages 819 through
833 July 14 1986 CBS evening news
broadcasts a tape which includes a
segment on Oliver North's alleged
involvement as a liaison between the
White House and the Contras on July 18
1986 special agents of the FBI review
the July 14 1986 broadcast regarding
North in connection with their
investigation of Jack Terrell
iran-contra appendix a volume 1 page 8
14 July 15 1986 FBI reports to director
of alleged threat to assassinate
President Reagan by Jack Terrell from a
source not specified later Terrell is
polygraphed on the issue and the FBI
concludes the allegation is false July
17 1986 FBI agents meet with Glenn
Robinette quote believed to be working
in an unspecified government capacity
end quote regarding Terrell and
Robinette surveillance of Terrell on
behalf of the C cords Enterprise
Robinette advises the FBI of Terrell's
ties to the Kerry investigation notes
that Terrell stated that he received no
funds from Senator Kerry and that he was
aware of C cords involvement in covert
air support on behalf of the Contras
and Contra appendix a volume 1 page 8:30
to July 18 1986 a dozen FBI agents meet
in Washington and agreed to undertake
full-time FBI Special Operations Group
surveillance of Jack Terrell iran-contra
appendix a volume 1 page 8 12 July 18
1986 CIA advises FBI that subjects of
Miami Neutrality Act investigation
Corbeau car Thompson Posey and Garcia
are not CIA assets no mention is made of
hull or Philippe Vidal letter to
director Webster regarding Jack Terrell
allegations July 21st 1986 Carrie writes
attorney general Meese enclosing an
article in The Boston Globe which
reports that the CIA provided financial
and other assistance for mercenaries
fighting with the Contras Kerry asks for
a summary of any investigations justice
has undertaken into Neutrality Act or
Boland Amendment allegations and
connection with the Contras the Attorney
General does not respond to the requests
Kerry Justice correspondents July 22nd
1986 north is interviewed by FBI agents
in connection with their investigation
of Jack Terrell North advises the FBI
that quote terral's name had surfaced in
connection with a staff investigation
being conducted by Massachusetts Senator
John Kerry and quote and denies that he
is involved with managing contra support
efforts iran-contra appendix a vol 1
pages 878 and 879 July 24 1986 State
Department issues a report to the
Congress which states that quote the
available evidence points to involvement
with drug traffickers by a limited
number of persons having various kinds
of affiliations with or political
sympathies for the Contra resistance
groups end quote
State Department document number five
one three six C July 24th 1986 robinette
meets with FBI officials regarding
Terrell expressing concerns that the FBI
had targeted Robinette quote as being a
plumber for the White House and leaking
information to the media concerning his
contact with him end quote
he confirmed knowing North and working
for Secord iran-contra appendix a vol 1
pages 852 and 853 July 25th 1986 north
rights Admiral Poindexter that associate
FBI and director Oliver buck rebel had
called and asked for any information
which NSC might have regarding Terrell
according to North FBI believes Terrell
could be a paid asset of Nicaraguan
intelligence service n45 9:07
iran-contra committees july 28th 1986
north rights memo from Poindexter to
President Reagan regarding Terrell
initialed and presumably read by the
president which describes quote anti
contra and anti us activities by US
citizens Jack taro memo describes
allegations about
Tam's bombing alleged activities of CMA
including weapons and narcotics
trafficking states that terral's charges
are at the center of Senator Kerry's
investigation in the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee and that the
operations subgroup OSG of the terrorist
incident working group tiw G has made
available to the FBI all information on
mr. Terrell from other US government
agencies
to consolidate it for investigating
Terrell and for five four eight nine six
iran-contra committees Poindexter memo
to President States quote it is
important to note that Terrell has been
a principal witness against supporters
of the Nicaraguan resistance both in and
outside the US government end quote and
quote since it is important to protect
the knowledge that Terrell is the
subject of a criminal investigation
none of those with whom he has been in
contact on the hill have been advised
and quote and four five eight nine seven
iran-contra committees July 28 1986 FBI
Special Agents conduct surveillance of
Jack Terrell at Marriott hotel in Miami
and go through his trash when he leaves
his hotel room they find a newspaper
with an article torn from it concerning
statements by Admiral John Poindexter
that quote the relationship between the
Nicaraguan Contras and Colonel Oliver
North did not violate a congressional
prohibition on United States involvement
with the rebels and quote FBI 302
reprinted in Appendix A iran-contra July
31st 1986 Feldman receives P ro s memo
or prosecution memorandum from Kevin
courier of FBI who was looking for a way
to pressure Leon into making a decision
Feldman 102 according to courier the
memorandum ran 200 pages and was written
quote to force their hand and quote
courier describes it as quote a 200 page
prosecute of report which outlines the
violations and the evidence we had
obtained to that time to support the
prosecution of this matter and quote
iran-contra
position of courier Appendix B volume 8
page 238
however quote nothing happened in
response to the prosecutors report
nothing and quote courier testified that
quote Kellner told Feldman to do nothing
on case until he made a decision on the
prosecutors report the US Attorney's
Office was dragging its feet on this
matter we frequently went to Feldman's
office or the USA's office to pressure
Feldman to make a decision calling two
or three times a week and quote courier
pages 238 through 244 among the names
which came up in the investigation were
Enrique Bermudez Mario and Adolfo Calero
Felix Rodriguez Ramon Medina Luis Posada
Richard Miller Raphael Quintero Richard
Secord Ted Shackley and John sing lob
courier pages 255 through to 61 August
5th 1986 Richard Lugar and Claiborne
Pell as chairman and ranking member of
Senate Foreign Relations Committee
jointly request information from Justice
Department regarding 27 individuals for
its investigation of narcotics
trafficking the request based on a list
supplied by Senator Kerry included
requests for information on John hull
Robert Owen Tom Posey luis rodriguez
frank chains and frank castro frc
records august 8
1986 John hull sends a letter to Leon
Kellner senator Rudman and senator lugar
charging senator Kerry's staff with
bribing witnesses to lie about whole
north and the Contras the letter
mentions democratic funds iran-contra
deposition of Kilner appendix B vol 14
page 1091 hull asks Robert Owen North's
courier to transmit the letter to
Kellner and to the Senate Ethics
Committee iran-contra deposition of
Robert Owen appendix B volume 20 page
856 August 11th 1986 john bolton on
behalf of justice rights lugar and Pell
to tell them that justice will not
disclose information gathered during
pending investigations and therefore
will not provide any information in
response to the request but quote we
remain convinced that further rambling
through open investigations gravely
risks compromising those efforts end
quote
FRC files August 18 1986 Feldman gives
Kellner the P R OS memo from which he
concludes there is clearly sufficient
evidence to go forward Corbeau has
admitted there were weapons on the March
6th shipment Feldman believes they have
enough to go forward noting that he
believed that in May but that now they
clearly had enough to satisfy Kellner
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 132 Kellner
describes P ro s memo as being quote
quite thick end quote puts a little
yellow sticker on it and sends it to
first assistant US attorney Richard
Gregory iran-contra deposition of
Kellner appendix B volume 14 pages 1078
and 1079 August 18th through August 29
1986 Feldman goes to Kellner on several
occasions in response to pressure from
FBI agent courier quote nagging him to
make a decision
end quote Kellner states that he must
still read the memo and makes no
decision iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 133
August 19 1986 Justice sends letter to
senators lugar and Pell informing them
that justice would examine its files but
would only make information available on
the one closed case involving cabeza s
and zabala frogman case August 20th 1986
Feldman has his only conversation with
people at justice with Joe tafe who is
in charge of neutrality violations tafe
quote gave me hints and quote
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 133 August
27th 1986 Kellner says this is the day
he actually received August 8th letter
from John hull charging that carry staff
had engaged in misconduct Kellner quote
had difficulty with those documents end
quote
iran contra deposition of Kellner
appendix b volume 14 page 1080 - August
29th 1986
Feldman returns to Kellner for fourth
time or so in August saying quote I have
to know
end quote Keller tells Feldman to quote
sit on the case until he gets back from
Washington DC and quote because politics
are involved
Feldman says quote Lian that really
upset me because he told me on April
11th during the day of the FBI shooting
that politics were not a consideration
end quote
Keller tells Feldman quote politics are
the factor for you to consider but they
are a factor for me to consider
end quote iran contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 134 as
of this date Feldman concludes the case
is dead it sits on a box on his table
Kellner never gets back to him about it
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 138 September
3rd 1986 Kellner takes whole affidavits
regarding Carrie to mark Richard and
justice and on his return gives them to
Feldman he brings back some memos on the
Neutrality Act and asks Feldman to check
them and to investigate the affidavits
concerning Senator Kerry Kellner says
that Richard read affidavits about
Senator Kerry in his presence but said
nothing
Kellner believed the affidavits were
amateurish and quote did not make sense
end quote and that he was quote being
set up by somebody but couldn't figure
out who end quote
Kellner believed someone was trying to
have him investigate a senator either to
embarrass Kellner or to embarrass the
senator after meeting with Richard
Keller told Richard he would quote check
out the truth and quote of the
affidavits by investigating the
affidavits although neither he nor
Feldman believed them Kellner describes
the allegations as being that Senator
Kerry's staff was paying witnesses to
lie Kellner says he did not believe
these allegations but it quote would
impact on the investigation end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Kellner
appendix B vol 14 pages 1082 through
1090 for Keltner testifies that he went
to Washington with charges about Senator
Kerry quote because this was an
allegation of a crime end quote and
didn't do so with the allegations
regarding the Garcia case because quote
we were still questioning whether or not
there was a crime involved in what they
were doing and
quote iran-contra deposition of Kellner
appendix b volume 14 page 1146 Richard
says Kellner told him this package
reflected all sorts of questionable
activities by the Senators staff
attempts by reporters to influence
testimony and suborn perjury and the
like iran-contra deposition of richard
appendix b vol 23 page 88 richard
testifies that he forwarded it to steve
trot with a note that it be handled by
either the Public Integrity section of
justice or to first interview Hall
ultimately it was decided to ask the FBI
to see whether Hall was willing to
submit to an interview Richard says he
had no idea what happened after that and
whether the FBI did anything or not
Richard says Kellner told him the
package from hole quote vindicated his
assessment
end quote that Kilner was being
manipulated by political forces where
everyone had their own agenda with quote
Kerry's staff attempting to discredit
the actions of I don't know who the CIA
the Contras or what end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Richard
appendix B vol 23 page 89 September 1986
Feldman checks out the allegations
against Senator Kerry's staff and
determines after talking to quote as
many people as he could contact end
quote that they weren't true Kellner
notes that quote there were additions to
the affidavits and that at least in one
case the signature was not accurate and
quote in addition quote not only did
they not write some of these statements
but it was not factually true in any
event end quote
Feldman told Kellner that at least one
of the persons said he wrote the
affidavit defaming carry and carry staff
because it was a way to get out of Costa
Rica iran-contra deposition of Kilner
appendix B vol 14
Paige 1093 September 15th 1986 Garcia is
sentenced Feldman states that Garcia's
allegations are irrelevant to his
sentencing a ran contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 140
early October 1986 mark Richard convenes
a meeting attended by 19 members of FBI
and justice including Ken Bergquist Leon
Kilner Chuck Sappho and George shank
Bergquist and shank had previously met
with Kerry staff on May 6th 1986
regarding the allegations present our
representatives of narcotics and fraud
sections of Justice groups spent most of
meeting discussing fraud issues relating
to Nha o humanitarian aid iran-contra
deposition of richard appendix b vol 23
page 82 october 6th 1986 gregory sends
PR OS memo back to Kellner on day of
hassan ffice crash recommending the
Kellner convene a grand jury as Kellner
concludes the crash may have figured in
his decision to move forward iran-contra
deposition of Kellner appendix b vol 14
page 1081 when hassan fuss plane crashes
Feldman concludes quote it really wasn't
any great revelation because it was
apparent in May that there was much more
to this whole network than Rene Corbeau
if for some reason the United States
government may be exposed or Oliver
North's Network may be exposed as far as
I was concerned that had already been
done it is just that it hadn't received
the public attention the Hassan fost
crash brought out and quote although
Feldman does not find memo until
november richard gregory assistant US
attorney to Kilner sends memo to Feldman
on this day authorizing him to go to
grand jury
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 140 and 143
October 7th 1986
William weld asks Richard what he knows
about Hassan fish who calls Tom Meryem
about Miami neutrality investigation
Richard contacts Kellner and asks
Kellner what is going on Kellner is
angry because he is quote getting hit
with press inquiries and knew nothing
about the pending investigation and
quote iran-contra deposition of Richard
appendix B volume 23 page 106 October 14
senator Kerry releases staff report
describing quote private assistance and
the Contras end quote report refers to
activities of north oh one C chord Singh
lob Philippe Vidal hole and others
includes statement that quote max Gomez
Felix Rodriguez was managing contra
supply operations out of allah Pongo
having allegedly been placed there by
NSC end quote
October 15 1986 Washington Post prints
story about Kerry report and describes
his allegations against persons named
above October 15 1986 Oliver North
rights in notebook Kerry +2 below that
is something redacted and below that a
notation max Gomez VP North q25 33
October 15 1986 Oliver North notebook
describes June 25th closed session of
Foreign Relations Committee regarding
narcotics trafficking and Contras
notebook states list of 27 witnesses
early August 8th sent to DOJ Ken
Bergquist Vicki tonne Singh 46 boxes of
transcripts of
Ceph frogman case justice never provided
in april/may illegible Rick Messick John
Kerry has eight votes Scott Armstrong
national security archives
Jack bloom North Notebook q25 31 October
24 1986 north rights in notebook about
6:30 p.m. meeting with Assistant
Secretary of Defense
Richard Armitage the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee investigation has
taken trips to Miami Costa Rica San
Francisco and Honduras north notebook
q25 66 October 30th 1986 Feldman meets
with justice Public Integrity section
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 140 early
November 1986 Feldman receives
authorization to go to the grand jury
November 18 1986 Feldman takes
Neutrality case to grand jury
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 143 November
19 1986 north notebook entry reads Tom
Dowling recarey hearings north notebook
q 2 6 4 6 November 21st 1986 north
notebook entry describes concerns about
information known by Jeanne Wheaton who
has chart regarding C cords involvement
in both Iran and Contra initiatives and
who has provided information to Senator
Kerry November 22nd 1986 iran-contra
diversion memorandum is found by Justice
Department investigators in North's safe
at the NSC December 2nd 1986 Feldman
meets with Kilner sharp Gregory Barnett
about Garcia case and they tell Feldman
to stay away from Jose Akutan case
Kooten was being held as the supplier of
the weapon used to kill DEA informant
Barry seal but had originally helped the
FBI in the Garcia case Feldman gets
authorization to take Robert Owen to a
grand jury he finds out that Owen was at
tons of meetings with quote players
involved in both the Cuban and CMA
organizations end quote
Iran Contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B vol 10 pages 147 and 149
December 29th 1986 grand jury halts in
order that case may be reviewed by
independent counsel Walsh iran-contra
deposition of Feldman appendix B volume
10 page 149 January 21st 1987
independent counsel Walsh declines Miami
Neutrality Act cases and Feldman
proceeds iran-contra deposition of
Feldman appendix B volume 10 page 149
April 7th 1987 Feldman is interviewed by
independent counsel Walsh's office
iran-contra deposition of Feldman
appendix B volume 10 page 150 August
10th 1987 FBI 302 of Frank Castro Castro
states that in 1985 he went to Costa
Rica to meet with John hull at hole's
farm and that he was working with Frank
Chainz and Moises Nunez with Renee Corvo
and other Cubans and that this group had
taken a number of Mariel boat Cubans
from their training camp in Naples
Florida to Central America to fight the
Sandinistas August 20th 1987 FBI 302 of
Frank Castro Castro reaffirms statements
regarding involvement of Corbeau and
others in military training in Naples
Florida before going to Central America
to fight Sandinistas September 30th 1987
the Justice to
apartment in Deitz Luis Rodriguez as a
drug trafficker for smuggling which took
place between November 1980 and January
1983 US v Luis Rodriguez 87 - zero one
zero four for US District Court for the
Northern District of Florida November 18
1987 AUSA Jeffrey Feldman goes to
Washington to meet with John Martin and
Thomas Mara the head and assistant head
of the Justice Department's Internal
Security Division at a meeting between
9:30 a.m. and 10:20 a.m. Feldman
reviewed the previous questions that had
been raised about the Justice
Department's handling of the Miami
investigations including the allegations
made by David Lee want concerning a
phone call allegedly made on April 4th
1986 asking Kellner to delay with the
cases the revisions of the Feldman
memorandum and the delay in prosecuting
the case between August and November
according to Feldman after further
discussions Meryem quote mentioned that
he Joe tafe mark Richard Leon Kellner
and reps from DEA and FBI met in
Richards office sometime last year to
discuss how Senator Kerry's efforts to
get lugar to hold hearings in this case
could be undermined
Meryem did not read eight end quote
Feldman men makes a contemporaneous
memorandum of the meeting with Martin
and Mara and timestamps it at the
Criminal Division of the Justice
Department at 10:47 a.m. November 18th
Feldman mem comm subpoenaed by
subcommittee August 5th 1988 the Justice
Department in Deitz Luis Rodriguez for
tax evasion in connection with the
laundering of money through ocean hunter
from June 1979 through April 1985 US v
Luis Rodriguez 88 - 0 - 2 to see our
King
US District Court Southern District of
Florida grand jury statements on file in
Northern District of Florida narcotics
case against Luis Rodriguez state that
ocean hunter was established to launder
money for a narcotics smuggling
enterprise involving free tarifa Costa
de Puntarenas July 13 1988 the Justice
Department in Deitz Mario Calero Jack
Terrell Tom posi and others on
Neutrality Act and weapons violation in
connection with CMAs support for the
Contras July 27th 1988 the Justice
Department in Deitz ran a Corvo Frank
Castro and others on Neutrality Act and
weapons violations in connection with
the Naples Florida training camp and
Cuban American military assistance to
the Contras
witnesses this list includes all
witnesses who appeared in public or
whose testimony in closed session has
since been released by the subcommittee
in the forepart edition of s hrg 100
through 773 drugs law enforcement and
foreign policy additional witnesses who
appeared before the subcommittee and
closed hearings or depositions not yet
released are listed separately under
depositions at the conclusion of this
list
aguado Marcos a Nicaragua
living in Costa Rica who served as a
pilot for the our day contra
organization located on the southern
front of the Contra sandanista war i won
i'm jawed a marketing manager for the
bank of credit and commerce
international BCCI banister Gorman the
son of Everett banister a bohemian
political operative currently in the
federal witness protection program
Bergquist Kenneth P former deputy
assistant attorney general legislative
affairs Justice Department bets nur Gary
Wayne a federal prisoner convicted of
running a continuing criminal enterprise
for trafficking and cocaine now serving
a sentence of 27 years and two months
biambi Roger II an exile from Haiti
currently employed as the executive
director of the Haitian American
Community Association of Dade County
Miami Florida land owned Jose former
Panamanian Consul General based in New
York from 1986 through 1988 and
political confidant of general Manuel
Antonio Noriega served as a federal
witness in the 1988 indictments brought
against general Noriega by to Florida
grand juries currently in the federal
witness protection program camper
Franklin Joseph a federal prisoner
convicted in 1987 of Rico weapons and
conspiracy charges now serving a
sentence of 14 years former owner and
operator of the Recon doe mercenary
training school in dolemite Alabama
Carlton Floyd a federal prisoner
convicted in 1987 on narcotics charges
formerly the personal pilot of general
Noriega and Panama testified against
Noriega before the federal grand jury
leading to indictments of Noriega and
January 1988 currently in the federal
witness protection program
cash Thomas V special agent in charge of
the Miami filled division of the Drug
Enforcement Agency say czar Octavia no a
Nicaraguan living in Costa Rica who
served as a political official of the
our de contra organization on the
southern front brother of Nicaraguan
resistance director Alfredo Cesare
Chamorro Adolfo Jose Popo a Nicaraguan
living in Miami Florida formerly the
logistics chief and second in command of
the our de contra organization on the
southern front Kron William a US citizen
living in Costa Rica a farmer and former
business associate of John Hall Feldman
Jeffrey B former assistant US attorney
for the Southern District of Florida
assigned to handle prosecution of Miami
contra Neutrality Act and weapons cases
Garcia Lewis a miami-based narcotics
trafficker who became a federal
informant from 1984 through 1987 Gorman
general paul u.s. a retired former
commander of the u.s. Southern Command
based in Panama 1983 through 1985
consultant to the President's Commission
on organized crime 1985 through 1986
Gregory Richard D former chief assistant
US attorney 1987 through 1989 chief of
criminal and narcotics divisions 1982
through 1987 Southern District of
Florida Miami Florida Hall will Richard
Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for
the Caribbean hood
Louella a resident of
Rayden 10 florida who hired John hole to
manage farm property for her in Costa
Rica Kellner Lian be former US Attorney
for the Southern District of Florida
lawn Jhansi administrator the Drug
Enforcement Agency Loeb
Gerald a former pilot for Eastern
Airlines currently chairman of
legislative affairs for the Air Line
Pilots Association lots werner a Costa
Rican who became the personal pilot for
Robert Vesco former Costa Rican
President Corazon and Costa Rican
President Daniel o do bear owner of an
air taxi service in Costa Rica convicted
in the US for conspiracy to import drugs
in 1985 and sentenced to four years in
prison deported at the conclusion of his
sentence to Costa Rica
Meryem
Thomas II deputy chief of Internal
Security Division Justice Department
mayor Martin P an authority on banking
and author of such books as the bankers
and the fate of the dollar McCann John H
a federal
nner convicted in 1987 for running a
continuing criminal enterprise in
connection with cocaine trafficking
sentenced to life without parole plus
110 years formerly a lawyer and County
Judge MacNeil ambassador Frances former
US ambassador to Costa Rica 1980 through
1983 and former Deputy Assistant
Secretary of State for intelligence and
research 1984 through 1987 Morales
George a federal prisoner convicted in
1986 for running a continuing criminal
enterprise in connection with cocaine
trafficking sentenced to 16 years
Morgenthau Robert district attorney for
New York County Murphy
Admiral Daniel P United States Navy
retired former chief of staff to Vice
President George Bush chief of the South
Florida Drug Task Force
chairman working group of the national
narcotics border interdiction system all
1982 through 1985 currently president of
Murphy and Demery limited a Washington
DC consulting firm Palmer Michael B
former Delta Airlines flight engineer
and co-pilot became a narcotics
trafficker in 1977 with the Carroll
marijuana smuggling ring later became an
informant for the Drug Enforcement
Agency vice-president of vortex
incorporated a company which provided
services to the Contras as a contractor
of the Nicaraguan humanitarian
assistance organization in Ajo preto
Carroll a Nick
when living in Costa Rica who served as
chief of communications for our day
under Eden Pastora cantana
Osvaldo president of Ocean International
seafood of Miami Florida a federal
witness in the 1988 grand jury
indictment of Haitian Colonel
jean-claude Paul in Miami raymond aziz a
former employee of the bank of credit
and commerce international in miami
florida richard mark former Deputy
Attorney General Criminal Division
Justice Department Rodriguez Felix
Ismail a veteran of the Bay of Pigs and
former officer of the Central
Intelligence Agency assigned by Oliver
North in September 1985 to maintain
contra resupply operations at Allah
Pongo Air Force Base in El Salvador
rodriguez ramon million a federal
prisoner convicted of running a
continuing criminal enterprise in
connection with laundering drug money
and narcotics trafficking sentenced to
43 years sanchez nest or a former
Central Intelligence Agency
latin-american division chief 1980
through 1981 former Deputy Assistant
Secretary of State for Latin American
affairs Department of Defense 1981
through 1987 and currently consultant to
the Department of Defense Sosa honorable
one ambassador to the United States from
Panama Vogel Michael P a federal
prisoner convicted of running a
continuing criminal enterprise in
connection with narcotics trafficking
sentenced to 25 years Zapata Tom hey
narcotics field advisor to the Bureau of
international narcotics matters formerly
a Drug Enforcement Agency field director
Ritz
subpoenas issued during investigation
Ritz Antonio as para Gary Wayne bets nur
Frank camper Floyd Carlton Werner lots
John McCain Ramone million Rodriguez
George Morales Leandro Sanchez racy Lee
rich Michael Vogel Zavala Cabezas
wiretap documents subpoenas 23 Antonio
as Pedroia bank of credit and commerce
international for I won Shafi BCCI
limited BCCI international Gorman
banister Popo aldolpho Jose Popo
Chamorro Raul Diaz Jeffrey Feldman
Norman Faber first city foreign currency
Corp General Paul Gorman Greenberg
brothers Marta Healy John hole
Intercontinental detective agency Miami
Attorney Oliver North notebooks Michael
Palmer Felix Rodriguez Nestor Sanchez
Sarkis Segen alien vortex Corp closed
depositions and hearings Joe Adams
Miami attorney Kenneth Bergquist Richard
brenneke Wanda dough Michael Harrington
Leon Kilner Thomas Meryem mark Richard
Leandra
Sanchez Ricci Jack Terra
this is our hidden history
you